Exercise 1: The below mentioned are the scenario's to test the login feature of Swag Labs application

TC 1:
Description: Enter username and without password
Expected Result: Verify that the user message indicating password is required should be displayed.
Actual Result: Verified that the user message indicating password is required is displayed.


TC 2:
Description: Enter valid user credentials
Expected Result: Verify that the user should be navigated to the home page.
Actual Result: Verified that the user is navigated to the home page.


TC 3:
Description: Enter password and without username 
Expected Result: Verify that the user message indicating username is required should be displayed.
Actual Result: Verified that the user message indicating username is required is displayed.

TC 4:
Description: Enter wrong username and password 
Expected Result: Verify that the user message indicating user credentials are wrong should be displayed.
Actual Result: Verified that the user message indicating user credentials are wrong is displayed.

TC 5:
Description: Login not possible with locked user
Expected Result: Verify that the user message indicating username is locked should be displayed.
Actual Result: Verified that the user message indicating username is locked is displayed.

TC 6:
Description: Do not enter username and password
Expected Result: Verify that the user message indicating username is required should be displayed.
Actual Result: Verified that the user message indicating username is required is displayed.

TC 7:
Description: On Logout, Click on back button
Expected Result: Verify that the user should be redirected to login page.
Actual: User is directly logged in(Fail)

TC 8 :
Description: Password masked
Expected Result: Verify that the password entered should not be visible to the user
Actual: Verified that the password is masked and not visible to the user

TC 9:
Description: Save password and clear the browser cookie
Expected Result: Verify that the user is asked to enter username and password.
Actual: Verified that Verify that the user is asked to enter username and password.

TC 10:
Description: User logs in and paste's the URL in another browser
Expected Result: Verify that the URL should redirect to login page
Actual: User is directly logged in(Fail)

TC 11:
Description: Copy and paste of the password 
Expected Result: Verify that the password should not be allowed to be copied and pasted.
Actual: Verified that the password is not allowed to be copied and pasted.

TC 12:
Description: On Logout, Click on back button
Expected Result: Verify that the user should be redirected to login page.
Actual: User is directly logged in(Fail)

TC 13:
Description: Use of keyboard TAB to move the cursor
Expected Result: Verify that the user should be able to move the cursor and login with keyboard strokes.
Actual: Verified that the user is able to move the cursor and login with keyboard strokes.

TC 14:
Description: Check for XSS issue [Ex: Enter <script> Hello </script> in the Username/Pwd field]
Expected Result: Verify that the script should not be executed
Actual: Verified that the script is not be executed

